Privacy Policy for Be Still App

Effective Date: 02 February 2024

Be Still ("we," "us," or "our") respects the privacy of its users ("you" or "your"). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our application on the Android Play Store. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our users, especially teens. Please read this policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.

Be Still does not require any of you personal information. We DO NOT collect your email, phone or any information that can personally idnetify you. This is to ensure our users identity are kept a secret and anonymous.

1. Information We Collect
Personal Information: We do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, and age. However, while you are in the application do not share any personally identifiable information.
Usage Information: We do not collect Usage information.

2. Sharing of Information
We may share your chat information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including anwering your questions, data analysis and hosting services.
We do not share your information with other businesses for products, services, or promotions.

3. Security
We DO NOT collect your email, phone or any information that can personally idnetify you. This is to ensure our users identity are kept a secret and anonymous. 
We discard all of your chat history once the session concludes and do not save any of the chat history.

4. Privacy Rights
We DO NOT collect your email, phone or any information that can personally idnetify you. This is to ensure our users identity are kept a secret and anonymous. 
We discard all of your chat history once the session concludes and do not save any of the chat history.

7. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy on this page and updating the "Effective Date" at the top.

8. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ram.renganathan@gmail.com.

This Privacy Policy is designed to comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations. By using be Still, you consent to the collection and use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
